---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## __Vicky Brasseur's Presentation__

Vicky Brasseur's lecture slides in my opinion are eye-opening when it came to her thoughts on the Open Source Communtiy and some of the seldomly discussed negative characteristics of some project communties.

The slides on some FOSS projects not being the most newbie or non experienced programmer friendly was very informative in the sense that while I am aware that some communities are like this in the Open Source space, I was not aware how prevalent this is even though it does not characterize the majority of Open Source project development teams. 

I also agree with some of the suggestions put forward to make Open Source project communities less elitist and intimidating to newcomers to Open Source as well as inexperienced programmers. 


## __Code.gov__

I would be willing to work on some issues such as [Add Warning for Unsupported Browsers](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/issues/128) and possibly [Reduce Image Sizes](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/issues/870) for the GSA.

A Federal Government Open Source initiative in my opinion demonstrates the popularity and importance of Open Source in the fact that the the United States has taken this much effort to promote it.

## __Free Code Camp__

I regrettably am almost done with the translation of how-to-catch-outgoing-emails-locally.md into Turkish and will submit a pull request shortly after. I expect this to be completed by tomorrow or Tuesday by the latest. Unfortunately, it has taken too much time to complete this task in my opinion and I will try to translate another document and submit a pull request as soon as possible. I tried to translate how-to-catch-outgoing-emails-locally.md as rapidly as I could but my health has not been the best lately as I have gotten sick over the past week and luckily have recovered since but, also am suffering from stress and major sleep deprivation from the state of current events.

I would have liked to commit on an issue that deals with the actual code of the project. Unfortunately my lack of knowledge of Javascript and the lack of time I have to learn said language due to the many circumstances I am in with the amount of classes I am taking as well as the current situation regarding the Corona Virus Pandemic have not made this attainable. 


